स्वागत है 
Polkadot Ambassador Onboarding

Agenda
Welcome and Introductions (15 mins)
Team Members
New Ambassadors introduce themselves
Where you live
What brought you to applying to the Polkadot Ambassador Program
What are you interested in contributing
Overview of Ambassador Program and Q&A (15 mins)
Review Trello: Tasks you can do immediately (10 mins)
Post-call
Look for the welcome email
Join all the Ambassador groups
We’ll add you to the Trello

City: Zug, Switzerland
Employees: ~50
Organization: Non-profit foundation housing the cryptographic research
Focus: Economic & Viability research, Grants, Technical Education, Community & Growth, Business Development, Communications
Projects: Polkadot and Kusama
City: Berlin, Germany
Employees: ~140
Organization: Mostly developers - building Substrate, Kusama and Polkadot
Focus: Coding, Communications, Business Development
Projects: Parity Substrate, Polkadot/Kusama, past experience with Parity Ethereum and other technologies

What is Polkadot?
...and Kusama?	
Revolutionizes online governance thru open, community-driven decision-making
Enables custom-made platforms built for specific apps
Self-upgrades allowing it to be future-proof
Handles heavy traffic at scale
Connects networks together
Industry-
Leading plug-and-play security

Who do we want involved?	

Technologists and developers
Passionate community members
Open-source contributors or maintainers
Contributors to the evolution of governance in public blockchain systems
University Students
Creatives & Makers
People from all backgrounds! Most likely yourself if you’re here :)

Current Ambassadors

Examples of Polkadot Ambassadors who have made significant contributions:
Sota Watanabe - Tokyo, Japan
CEO of Plasm Network, a scaling solution built on Substrate
Alex Siman - Kiev, Ukraine
Building SubSocial, a Substrate- based social network platform
Katie and Nate - Boston, USA
Validating Kusama and building Substrate projects at PureStake
Hyungsuk Kang - Seoul, South Korea
Building a Substrate certification program at Korea University

What are your Responsibilities?

The road to becoming a Polkadot ambassador is proving your commitment to our ecosystem we share. Some tasks may be dependent upon your relative work groups.
These are some examples as you’ll likely set your own path to success! We will help you get there alongside us.
Being a representative of your region for the Polkadot project
Identifying opportunities for Polkadot to be involved in together
If interested, author blog posts and other writing in relation to the future of the web and how Polkadot relates to the vision of Web 3.0
Assistance with response management & keeping the community engaged with solid and correct answers
Speaking about Polkadot at an event or hosting a workshop & meetups
Contributing code to a repository related to the ecosystem & or improving documentation related to Polkadot
Participate in calls & tasks for driving forward the ecosystem
Mentor newcomers into the platform

Program Path

To become an official ambassador you must have contributed to the trello board and joined two official calls. You also must define which working group you intend on joining as an Ambassador. 
ApprenticeAt this stage in your journey you’re getting to know the community and establishing relationships. As well as working on tasks.
Phase 1
Phase 2
AmbassadorYou’ve now officially recognized  as an ambassador! You’ll have all the opportunities afforded to you as your fellow team members.

What’s in it for Me?
Playing a key role in Polkadot’s historic launch
Access to the ambassador Riot channel
Developer access to bounties (first call)
Event participation & exclusive invitations
Participation in calls with core-team members of Polkadot
Funding for Meetups & Workshops
Polkadot swag
Friendships & team building


Do you think you have what it takes?

Next steps:

      Working Group Decision
     Joining the Trello Board
      We will send a follow up email with a Code of Conduct and other links for your review

If you are wanting to organize a meetup / workshop use this form 
 
